# Pick a framework

Don't use "vanilla" javascript. In fact, even when picking a framework, I don't recommend picking the barebones version of those frameworks, like React, Svelte or Vue. Pick their more complete solutions instead. Some argue there's overhead to using such solutions, but honestly, in 99% of cases all you're getting is a more complete solution with an end product that performs as good or better than what you would've set up manually yourself, and in the process of setting up tools one by one yourself you'll often find yourself having literally redeveloped the larger framework but using weeks or even months of unnecessary work to do it. Plus, using a more complete framework its easier to discover fancy features early on so you don't go several months using a sub par approach, only to discover that oh, dynamic routes are a thing, you can restructure half your project based on that one feature. Awesome. Or state management, you set up an annoying solution that only somewhat works, only to discover that Nuxt can give you Vuex quick and simple with support for reactivity straight out of the box.

Then there's the community aspect. If you come to me and ask me for help and you're not using one of the bigger frameworks, preferably one of the more opinionated ones, then I'm gonna have to learn how you specifically as an individual have decided to structure your project, only so I can help you. And you know what? Not only is it harder to help you then, but it's less enjoyable and less likely that I'll go through the effort, because in most cases, I'm not paid to help you, I'm doing it for fun, and your custom project just isn't fun getting into just so I can help you. So you gotta keep that in mind when you pick a framework, if you'll ever, **ever** need support from anybody else, you're really shooting yourself in the foot by not just picking a framework.
